Advanced Graphics Ex 2

By:
Itai Basel			T.Z. 035781848
Jeremy Moskovich    T.Z. 036382489
Dagan Eshar			T.Z. 038381620

Short Description:
    We implemented the loading, display and saving of BVH files along with the
application of arbitrary (preset or user-defined) convolutions to the data.  We
display the animation using a nice ellipsoid model, and when applying
convolution we display both the convoluted data and a "ghost" version of the
original data for comparison.

Usage Notes:
1)Press the "Open File..." button to open a BVH Files (more than one BVH files
  can be open at once - see above for limitations)
2)Select a filter from the Conv. Presets pop-up, or craft your own with the
  supplied controls.
3)Press the "Apply Convolution" button.
4)Marvel at how we display both the convoluted motion and the original motion
    (to display the convoluted motion only - uncheck the "Coupling" checkbox).
5)Play around with convolutions some more.
6)Press "Save File..." to save your creation.

* Some of our functionality is not accessible through the GUI due to time
  constraints, to access it - select the Animation window and then use
  the keyboard commands listed bellow.

Long Description:

    We implemented the exercise in Visual Studio under Windows, using an
 MFC based GUI.

	Our implementation allows for the display of BVH files using either
a nice ellipsoid or line display. The implementation supports display of multiple 
BVH files simultaneously (makes for some nice effects).

	We allow for arbitrary convolutions to be performed on the figure, and
for saving of the resulting filtered file as a new BVH.

	We allow editing of the convolution manually through the GUI and setting
of convolutions for the rotation and offset individually.

	Sharpening is achieved through the use of a "mask" parameter, when
set to 0 a normal convolution is performed, however setting this to a non
zero value performs the following operation:

Anew = A+(A-B)*mask

where A is the original motion (or rotation) vector, and B is the convoluted vector.

	Thus convoluting with a gaussian kernel to get B, A-B gives us the high frequencies
of the original motion and the mask allows us to vary how much of this is added back.

	When performing convolution on angles, we switch them to polar
coordinates, convolute, and then convert back to angles.

	In addition to the dialog options, the BVH viewer window supports the following 
keyboard options:
	space 		--> next frame
	backspace 	--> previous frame
	+ 			--> increase speed
	-			--> decrease speed
	* 			--> default speed
	0 			--> goto first frame
	p 			--> toggle pause/play
	l 			--> toggle line-figure/muscular-figure
	s 			--> toggle shading
	b 			--> toggle checkerboard/line ground display
	f 			--> toggle apply/remove filter
	c 			--> toggle coupling (display both filtered and original figures)
	q 			--> quit
	
Files support:
	We only support the BVH files we included.
	
	Our BVH reader is written from scratch and is very robust.  We where
unable to find a file it didn't support. However problems do exist when
trying to perform convolutions on the motion from certain files.

	The most notable problem we encountered was with files that switch
the method used for rotation:  There are several different ways in which
an object can be rotated into the same position, some of the BVH files
appear to switch the rotation method several times in the middle of the
motion data - this causes the convolution to fail as when the rotation
method is switched, averaging neighbouring angles causes the figure
to "jump around".

Implementation Notes:
   The OpenGLWin class is the main "controller" class called by the GUI,
 it holds a reference to an ArticulatedFigure class.
 
 	The ArticulatedFigure class holds a figure's motion tree, and knows
 how to draw it.
 
 	ArticulatedFigures are read and written by the BVHWriter & BVHReader
 classes.
 	
 	ConvMotionFilter is the class that performs convolutions on the 
 ArticulatedFigure object.
 
 	We make use of OpenMesh solely for it's vector class.
    

Thank you,
Itai, Dagan, & Jeremy